Add datetime functions `FROM_UNIXTIME` and `UNIX_TIMESTAMP` (#114)
Bit-Quill/opensearch-project-sql: docs/user/dql/functions.rst

    +---------------------+

FROM_UNIXTIME
-------------

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

> Usage: Returns a representation of the argument given as a datetime or character string value. Perform reverse conversion for `UNIX_TIMESTAMP`_ function.

Reviewer: Worth mentioning here how invalid inputs are handled and what inputs are invalid, including the maximum value.

Author: Thank you, updated in dfd2c1ea.

If second argument is provided, it is used to format the result in the same way as the format string used for the `DATE_FORMAT`_ function.

Argument type: DOUBLE, STRING

Return type map:

DOUBLE -> DATETIME

DOUBLE, STRING -> STRING

Example::

>     os> select FROM_UNIXTIME(1220249547), FROM_UNIXTIME(1220249547, '%T')

Reviewer: Can these be split into two examples? It'd be easier to read that way.

Author: Thank you, updated in dfd2c1ea.

    +------------------------------+

UNIX_TIMESTAMP
--------------

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

> Usage: Converts given argument to Unix time (seconds since Epoch - very beginning of year 1970). If no argument given, it current Unix time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage: Converts given argument to Unix time (seconds since January 1st, 1970 at 00:00:00 UTC). If no argument given, it returns current Unix time.
```

Author: Thank you, updated in dfd2c1ea.

The date argument may be a DATE, DATETIME, or TIMESTAMP string, or a number in YYMMDD, YYMMDDhhmmss, YYYYMMDD, or YYYYMMDDhhmmss format. If the argument includes a time part, it may optionally include a fractional seconds part.
You can use `FROM_UNIXTIME`_ to do reverse conversion.

Argument type: <NONE>/DOUBLE/DATE/DATETIME/TIMESTAMP

Return type: DOUBLE

Example::

>     os> select UNIX_TIMESTAMP(20771122143845), UNIX_TIMESTAMP(TIMESTAMP('1996-11-15 17:05:42'))

Reviewer: It'd be helpful to have these as separate examples.

Author: Thank you, updated in dfd2c1ea.

    +------------------------------+

UNIX_TIMESTAMP
--------------

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

Usage: Converts given argument to Unix time (seconds since January 1st, 1970 at 00:00:00 UTC). If no argument given, it returns current Unix time.
The date argument may be a DATE, DATETIME, or TIMESTAMP string, or a number in YYMMDD, YYMMDDhhmmss, YYYYMMDD, or YYYYMMDDhhmmss format. If the argument includes a time part, it may optionally include a fractional seconds part.
If argument is in invalid format or outside of range 1970-01-01 00:00:00 - 3001-01-18 23:59:59.999999 (0 to 32536771199.999999 epoch time), function returns NULL.
You can use `FROM_UNIXTIME`_ to do reverse conversion.

Argument type: <NONE>/DOUBLE/DATE/DATETIME/TIMESTAMP

Return type: DOUBLE

Examples::

    os> select UNIX_TIMESTAMP(20771122143845)
    fetched rows / total rows = 1/1
    +----------------------------------+
    | UNIX_TIMESTAMP(20771122143845)   |
    |----------------------------------|
    | 3404817525.0                     |
    +----------------------------------+

>     os> select UNIX_TIMESTAMP(TIMESTAMP('1996-11-15 17:05:42'))

Reviewer 2: MySQL shows this as returning without a floating point.
```
mysql> select UNIX_TIMESTAMP(TIMESTAMP('1996-11-15 17:05:42'));
+--------------------------------------------------+
| UNIX_TIMESTAMP(TIMESTAMP('1996-11-15 17:05:42')) |
+--------------------------------------------------+
|                                        848077542 |
+--------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

Author: It is added by the `double` serializer, it is out of my control. We can discuss to fix this globally in scope of another fix.
